
### Stand Up
___
__Miles:__ Miles focus on coursework today.

__Lyes:__ Carrying on with code. 2c and 2d. Had a 121 with Gloriose. Not looking to PHP today.

__Mabon:__ 2c and 2d and maybe ever 2e. Also pointed out we need to book interviews.

__Jonathan:__ 2e. Maybe PHP. Excited about arrival of desk and office chair.

__Josh__: Coursework, 2c to be finished and then onwards!

### Key Notes / Messages
___

#### Office Hours Notes

__Q__: Polymorphism?
__A__ : Simplest way to explain this is that you have basically the same method that you want to call in different object with a small difference. So you use the same name for the method. Example we were given was you want to send a message via SMS and/or via Email. The `def send(self, message)` function can be used for both Email and SMS without having `def send_email(self, message)`, `def send_sms(self, message)`.

__Q__: What if you have a circular dependency
__A__: Put your classes in files! Then import them as needed. I have asked for the files on this because I tried to do this once and it failed (because I had circular dependencies)


__Q__: How do we keep out tests clean?
__A__: FIXTURES__!!!

```python
@pytest.fixture
def sample_vid()
	return Video('Alien', 1979, 116)
@pytest.fixture
def sample_customer()
	return Customer("Tim", "Othy", "12/07/2000")

```
Using this we can do
```python
	def test_a(sample_customer, sample_vid):
	pass
	
	def test_b(sample_customer, sample_vid):
	pass
	
	def test_c(sample_customer, sample_vid):
	pass
```
Better still, put it in `conftest.py` and kleep them out of your testfile. Pytest will find it automatically!!!

You may also be interested in`Paramaterize` where you can run a tests a number of times with different parameters. So You could try adding one, five and 20 videos to the store. I _really_ like this because I have found single tests can be misleading in my own work. [blogpost with examples](https://www.toptal.com/python/python-parameterized-design-patterns)


__Q__: Better errors?
__A__: You can make a specific error types, and import them to get better error types! e.g `blackjack_errors.py` could have an error for `DeckEmpty` etc.

```python
class DeckError(Exception)
	pass
```

### Wrap Up
___
__Miles:__ 2e. Needs to finish coursework. Has yet to start PHP.

__Lyes:__ Finished 2c, started on 2d. Had a 121 code review, which helped him with 2c. Wary of having not done PHP. Goal is to finish 2d. 

__Mabon:__ Finished the coursework. Did the coding problem. Has made a lot progress, want to hit A&B tomorrow.

__Johnathan:__ Did 2e, and the tests. Will refactor the code after the meeting.

__Josh__: Revise for test, and start PHO before weekend. Finished most of coursework today.