
### Stand Up
___
__Miles:__ Work on coursework more.

__Lyes:__ Got two passing for 2a. Will push to move to 2b today. Also has code review with Chris at 1600.

__Mabon:__ Has finished 2a -> moving to 2b. Still desires to touch up PHP, but will focus on coursework.

__Jonathan:__ Coursework to continue, needs to continue 2B. Will try to do TDD with the coursework. Has ashes to spread midday.

__Josh__: Coursework including including some TDD.

### Key Notes / Messages
___

#### Office Hours Notes



__Q:__ Why does this return false?
``print(Card('3', 'D') == Card('3', 'D'))`
__A:__ These have different locations in memory. Use `__eq__` to see if they have the same attributes. This is because it depends on how == is implemented for a class (`Card`).

See for more:
```python
class A:
    def __init__(self, name, num):
        self.name = name
        self.num = num

class B(A):
    def __init__(self, name, num):
        super().__init__(name, num)

x = A("x", 2)
y = B("y", 3)

print(type(y) == A)  # is False
print(type(y) == B)  # is True
print(type(y) == type(x))  # is False
print(isinstance(y, B))  # is True
print(isinstance(y, A))  # is True
print(isinstance(y, (A, B)))  # is True
print(isinstance(x, B))  # is False
print(isinstance(x, A))  # is True
print(isinstance(x, (A, B)))  # is True
```


__Q:__ How does one break down large functions effectively?
__A__: Functions should really capture one, simple, identifiable mechanic/action/behaviour. Group code based with a view to the high-resolution problem that it solves. _Strictly_ speaking a function should do only one thing.



### Wrap Up
___
__Miles:__ Working through 2B. Looking to continue with the coursework and hoping to complete the PHP coursework tomorrow too.

__Lyes:__ Halfway through 2B. Needs to finish that and the testing. Will aim to hit PHP on the head first tomorrow.

__Mabon:__ Not available

__Johnathan:__  Has done 2B. Will complete 2c this evening - almost finished.

__Josh__: Just completed 2B with lots of tests. Tomorrow doing 2c and PHP